Add documentation about subctl gather (#484)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/deployment/subctl/_index.en.md

| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`    | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default `$HOME/.kube/config`)
| `--kubecontext` `<string>`   | Kubeconfig context to use

### `gather`

> The `subctl gather` is a data collection tool that gathers Submariner/Kubernetes resources from all clusters in a cluster set by iterating
> over all kubeconfigs. The resources collected are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `subctl gather` command is tool that collects various information from clusters to aid in troubleshooting a Submariner deployment, including Kubernetes resources and Pod logs.
```

> * pod logs for

Reviewer: I don't think we need an exhaustive list of what's collected - I think the brief summary above suffices.

Reviewer 2: Agree. This is a user guide and focus should be on letting user know how to use it, not what it is doing under the hood.

  * Gateway pods
  * RouteAgent pods
  * Globalnet pods
  * NetworkPluginSyncer pods
  * ServiceDiscovery pods
  * CoreDNS pods

>   * Submariner Operator pods

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Submariner Operator pod
```

* ServiceExports
* ServiceImports
* EndpointSlices
* ConfigMaps
  * submariner-lighthouse-coredns
  * coredns
* Endpoints
* Clusters
* Submariners
* ServiceDiscoveries
* DaemonSet
  * submariner-gateway
  * submariner-routeagent

>   * submariner-gateway

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * submariner-globalnet
```

* Deployment

>   * NetworkPluginSyncer Deployment

Author: What is the name of the deployment?

Reviewer 3: submariner-networkplugin-syncer

  * submariner-lighthouse-agent
  * submariner-lighthouse-coredns
  * submariner-operator

> * Below information from `generic`, `canal-flannel`, `weave-net` and `OpenShiftSDN` CNIs. OVN is not supported.

Reviewer 3: Why the sentence "OVN is not supported"? We do capture some info for OVN CNI.

>   * `ip route show`

Reviewer 4: May be we don't need to be so specific about what we capture, probably saying that we capture relevant kernel dataplane settings.

  * `ip rule list`
  * `ip rule show table 150`

>   * `ip route show table 150` for Gateway nodes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `ip route show table 150` on Gateway nodes
```

* Libreswan related information from below commands
  * `ip xfrm policy`
  * `ip xfrm state`
  * `ipsec status`
  * `ipsec --trafficstatus`
* Below OVN commands output
  * `ovn-nbctl list Logical_Router`
  * `ovn-nbctl list Logical_Router_Port`
  * `ovn-nbctl list Logical_Switch`
  * `ovn-nbctl list Logical_Switch_Port`
  * `ovn-nbctl list Logical_Router_Static_Route`
  * `ovn-nbctl list Logical_Router_Policy`
  * `ovn-nbctl list ACL`
  * `ovn-nbctl show`

> The tool creates a directory `submariner-YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` (in UTC) and writes each resource to a file
> `<clustername>_<resourcetype>_<namespace>_<resourcename>.yaml` and logs to `<clustername>_<podname>.log`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool creates a UTC timestamped directory of the format `submariner-YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` containing various files. Kubernetes resources are written to YAML files with the naming format
`<cluster-name>_<resource-type>_<namespace>_<resource-name>.yaml`. Pod logs are written to files of the format `<cluster-name>_<pod-name>.log`
```

> The data (resources and logs) gathered depends on the module specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific information collected is configurable.
```

> {{% notice note %}}
> Broker cluster is accessed by parsing data cluster's kubeconfig thus limiting access to Broker cluster. Hence information for only
> `Endpoints, Clusters, ServiceImports, EndpointSlices` can be gathered for Broker cluster.
> {{% /notice %}}

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention any of this.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: None of the above information is needed or useful for user, except name of the target directory.

### `gather` flags

| Flag                       | Description
|:---------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--kubeconfig` `<string>`  | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s). By default, it iterates over all kubeconfigs

Reviewer: To be consistent with the wording for other commands.

```suggestion
| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`  | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default $HOME/.kube/config)
```

> | `--kubecontext` `<string>` | Kubeconfig context to use

Reviewer 2: We don't use `kubecontext`, even though it will work, but `kubecontexts`. Instead of giving details of each bit of information we gather, it is better to tell user how these flags work, esp `kubecontexts` which can be used to gather information from specific clusters.
